and will'll be free charges of
anti-Semitism have been leveled at
demonstrators opposed to Israel's war on
Gaza across the world but one prominent
Jewish anti-war activist says that's
completely inappropriate for myself as a
Jew I do this work out of the my core
Jewish values tell me every single human
life is precious and I do this fighting
for a future of Judaism beyond the
brutal violence of Zionism conflating
anti-Semitism with opposition to the
Israeli government's policies or
ideology is so so dangerous it's
dangerous for Palestinians and
supporters of Palestinian rights who are
losing their jobs and being doxed and
harassed online and it's also incredibly
dangerous to the fight against Real
anti-Semitism anti-Semitism is on the
rise analysts say in Acts such as
swastikas and hate speech scrolled in an
upscale New York town as well as threats
of violence on college campuses and
other public institutions anti-Semitism
is a real and Rising problem in this
country and it's a very very serious
charge but it is being cynically used
against people who simply support
Palestinian human rights and that is
tells you something it tells you that PE
the other side on this Defenders of
Israeli policy can no longer win the
argument on Merit this week the
Republican majority in the US House of
Representatives passed a resolution
identifying anti-zionism
as
anti-Semitism we live in a climate in
the United States in which it is very
difficult to speak out against Israeli
war crimes because we live in a
political climate that tries to shut it
down at every turn both Israeli and US
officials have drawn comparisons between
hamas's attack on Israeli towns on
November 7th killing 12200 people to the
Nazi Holocaust an Israeli born Holocaust
historian rejects the analogy it is not
connected to the Holocaust in any way
it's it's it's a completely different
phenomenon So speaking about
anti-Semitism about Nazis about
um um the Holocaust uh in this context
is really meant to uh take Israel off
the hook for what it is doing on the one
hand and to bring in a greater
emotional um um heightening of emotions
in Israel as of the justification of
what Israel is engaged in at the moment
a serious War over words and definitions
as the real war rages on Rob Reynolds
alzer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer